1. There are 14 use-cases. Use basic HTML to display things, prioritze functionality

2. Someone needs to set up the database and make the tables

3. Pretty up the views after if we have time

---------------------------

 [X] Browse:
V is given a list of listed items to view.
On any of these items, V can click and access individual item views with comment sections.
The comments section has a form that V can leave a comment through.
Submitting it will add the comment to the item’s comment section and will clear the form.
V can also go back to listing view. 

 [X] Become User:
V can access an application form page to apply to become an U.
They need to input a username, password, email, and a bot-filter question.
Failing to fill any of these fields will result in an error message popping up. Any existing usernames or email overlaps will result in an error.
Properly filling this form will send it and return V to the main page.
S can reject or accept the application.

 [X] Balance Adjustment:
There will be a balance page where U can view their account balance.
U can fill out a form to withdraw or deposit money from their personal account. They must fill in their personal information and the amount.
If any of these fields are invalid, then an error will pop up. If U is trying to withdraw an amount more than the balance, then an error will pop up.
Otherwise, a confirmation window will appear. U can cancel to return to the form.
Or accept and get a confirmation window, where after U will return to the page before.

 [X] List for Buy and Sale:
U can enter a listing page to list an item or service.
They must fill out a form with the name of the thing to be sold, a description of it, a price, whether U wants to buy or sell it, and a deadline.
If any of these fields are filled incorrectly when submitted, an error will pop up.
If the form is filled correctly, then U will return to the previous page and the item will be added to the listing.

 [X] Bid: 
U, in item view, can bid for that item by filling a form.
If form has missing fields like deadline or funds, display error.
If insufficient funds, display error.
U can quit to return to item view.
U can submit form and add bid on item.

 [X] Transaction: 
Owner U can select a bid and accept it.
All other bids are canceled.
Funds are moved from users.
Item is removed.

 [ ] Leaving Reviews: 
After a transaction, the purchaser U can access a form in individual item view to leave a review.
If a description or a rating is missing, display an error.
If cancelled, return back to individual item view.
If submitted, review is left on owner U’s profile
Check Poor Review Suspension scenario. (Described later)

 [ ] Direct Complaints:
U can access individual item views of purchased items or services. Because they have purchased it, they will also have the option now to file a complaint to S.
Pressing this button opens a form where U can write a description to send.
If canceled, U will return to the item view.
If it is empty, an error will pop up. If it is filled and submitted, the U will receive a confirmation message and will return to item view.
This complaint will be added to S’s inbox in the database.

 [ ] Suspension:
If U has 3 evaluations with a rating less than 2, then U is suspended.
If U leaves 3 or more ratings and has a rating average of less than 2 or greater than 4, U is suspended.
Suspension is removed by U paying a $50 fine or gets reactivated by S.

 [ ] System Removal 
U requests to be removed from the system. S reviews the request and approves it. S removes U from the system
After U gets 3 suspensions, S checks the suspension count and removes U. U cannot apply to S to be reinstated in the system; they must reapply with new information. 

 [ ] VIP status Elevation: 
U has more than $5000 in the account, conducted more than 5 transactions, and has no complaints. S verifies all of this info in the database and elevates U to VIP status. 

 [ ] VIP benefits: 
VIP receives 10% discount on each transaction, reducing the total amount they pay for purchases or rentals by 10%. 
VIPs -instead of getting immediately suspended for complaints or low ratings- will instead get demoted.

 [ ] VIP demolition: 
If VIP user either has less than $5000 in account, receives a complaint, or is suspended, they are moved back to U status. S checks for any of these before reverting their status to U. 

 [ ] Record Access: 
U can view personal records including: 
Balance
deposit/wihdrawal history
Transaction history

---------------------------
